Add details on Intune for mobile-app (#27749)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/datadog_for_intune.md

| Microsoft Graph                         | `User.Read`                              | Sign in and read user profile                   | Delegated |
| Microsoft Mobile Application Management | `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite`  | Read and Write the User's App Management device | Delegated |

> **Note:** Only those two permissions are used by the mobile-app. When granting consent you may see more permissions, this is due to the mobile-app sharing the same Microsoft Entra application than our web-app and the [Microsoft Teams Integration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/microsoft_teams). If you're not using it you can revoke those permissions from the **Permissions** tab on the page detailed in _step 3_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes:**
- The mobile app only uses these two permissions. When granting consent you may see more permissions, because the mobile app shares the same Microsoft Entra application as the web app and the [Microsoft Teams Integration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/microsoft_teams). If you're not using it, you can revoke those permissions from the **Permissions** tab on the page in [step 3](#step-3-grant-admin-consent-for-your-organization).
```

Reviewer: In the phrase "If you're not using it," I can't tell what "it" means - the mobile app? The Microsoft Entra application? Something else? Let me know if I can help clarify the phrasing 🙂

Author: it means the Microsoft Teams Integration in that case

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying! I updated my suggestion accordingly.

> 
> **Note 2:** While `DeviceManagementManagedApps.Read` exists, this is an MS Graph API permission and the mobile-app requires a MAM permission. `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite` is the only MAM one available but **mobile-app doesn't write anything** and only use read in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
- While `DeviceManagementManagedApps.Read` exists, it is an MS Graph API permission, and the mobile app requires a MAM permission. `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite` is the only MAM permission available, but the mobile app only uses the write permission and doesn't write anything.
```
```

> - While `DeviceManagementManagedApps.Read` exists, it is an MS Graph API permission, and the mobile app requires a MAM permission. `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite` is the only MAM permission available, but the mobile app only read and doesn't write anything.

Reviewer: So sorry, made a typo in my last suggestion 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
```suggestion
- While `DeviceManagementManagedApps.Read` exists, it is an MS Graph API permission, and the mobile app requires a MAM permission. `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite` is the only MAM permission available, but the mobile app only reads and doesn't write anything.
```

| Microsoft Graph                         | `User.Read`                              | Sign in and read user profile                   | Delegated |
| Microsoft Mobile Application Management | `DeviceManagementManagedApps.ReadWrite`  | Read and Write the User's App Management device | Delegated |

**Notes:**
- The mobile app only uses these two permissions. When granting consent you may see more permissions, because the mobile app shares the same Microsoft Entra application as the web app and the [Microsoft Teams Integration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/microsoft_teams). If you're not using it, you can revoke those permissions from the **Permissions** tab on the page in [step 3](#step-3-grant-admin-consent-for-your-organization).

> ```suggestion

Reviewer: Just need to remove this line and then we're good to go!
```suggestion
```
